1. 

a. Regarding code quality, the first thing that I noticed when I started the challenge was that the project is using only vanilla JS and no Typescript. I think that adding Typescript to this project would have 2 major benefits: helping other devs to ramp up faster and avoiding any errors. Whenever I look at a project, I first look at the Typescript interfaces to see what each object / function is intended to do and then I start reading the code, CTRL + click on any part I don t understand, redirecting me to the object's interface

b. Also for code quality I would probably add TSLint and a Prettier in order to make sure that all the people that are contributing to the project follow the same code practices.

c. In terms of scaling there are a few things I can think of. First of all, I would want to make sure that I am starting on a solid foundation. I can only be sure about this if I add unit tests to the project, this is probably the only type of testing I can fit in a 2 weeks window. If time permits I would also add end to end testing. The second thing I had in mind regarding scaling is to host the app online rather than my own machine - probably an AWS server. This way we can immediately add load balancers, more servers etc. if traffic increases to our app.

d. In terms of business goals, I would probably start building a minimal metrics dashboard so we can check a few basic metrics such as active users per month, average number of messages per user etc. I would probably have to talk to the leadership first to understand the main goals behind our chatbot and then I would quantify these goals.

e. I would reuse our metrics pipeline to also track performance issues / debugging issues. For example I would like to track what is the average time that the chatbot took to come up with an answer. I would also think of different things to track in order to help us with debugging. For example I would associate a unique ID with every user conversation, so we can track each message whenever it is sent by the user, we can track when the backend receives it and we can also track when the api receives it and then we can track it all the way back to the user. If any problem would happen we would on which leg it happened.

f. Regarding UX, I really like the threads option on chatGPT as I refer back to some threads every now and then. In order to achieve this I d probably build a simple login screen and then I d probably have to add a DB connection in order to store the threads subjects and all the messages associated with each thread. I might actually not be able to solve this in a 2 week window since I would need to brainstorm potential issues about sensitive user data and how to store this data since it might be very personal to the user.

g. Going forward I would probably like to speak to some of our customers to understand why they are using our product so that I would better know what to focus on next

2. For me it was a bit unclear at first that the purpose of this challenge was to get data from the API -> backend -> frontend. I thought we could call the API directly, hence my initial submission. But then it just felt weird not using the backend and actually realised that I was doing the wrong thing.